## Date: 26 June 2024  --DRAFT

**Present:**  Tas Dienes (EF, Vice Chair), Roch Brzezinski (Nethermind), Sonal Patel (Baseline TSC), Andreas Freund (L2 TSC Chair), 

**Regrets:** 

**Guests:** Claudia Rauch (OASIS)

**Agenda Items**
* Greet new members (2 min)
* Select scribe (1 min)
    * Current list: Sonal Patel, Tas Dienes, Roch Brzezinski, Claudia Rauch, Andreas Freund,
    * Current scribe: Tas Dienes
* Agenda review (2 min)
* Review/set future PGB meeting dates (5 min)
    * Plan to confirm the meeting date for next 2-3 monthly meetings to avoid industry conflicts. 
    * Meetings happen on an ad hoc basis, typically bimonthly, unless there are any pressing matters
        * Meet August 21
        * Meet October 9
* Main topics (20 min) 
    * Elect new PGB chair(s) 
        * From previous meeting
            * Andreas is willing to be a co-chair
            * Plan to hold election in June
            * Tas and Andreas will be the candidates for co-chair 
        * Procedure: [https://github.com/ethereum-oasis-op/oasis-open-project/blob/main/GOVERNANCE.md#pgb-chairs](https://github.com/ethereum-oasis-op/oasis-open-project/blob/main/GOVERNANCE.md#pgb-chairs) 
        * Claudia notified the PGB mailing list about today’s election on 2024-06-18
        * No objection to unanimous consent to elect Tas and Andreas as co-chairs. 
* Past action items (10 min)
    * Baseline WG would like a donation button added to the web page. This raises complicated issues.  Discuss at a future meeting.  See [https://github.com/eea-oasis/managed-open-project/blob/main/GOVERNANCE.md#non-sponsor-tsc-funding](https://github.com/eea-oasis/managed-open-project/blob/main/GOVERNANCE.md#non-sponsor-tsc-funding) 
        * Past Action item: Claudia to check with Carol about adding a button to accept donations via OpenCollective 
        * 2024-04-17 ACTION: Claudia will add the button tomorrow.
        * Done
    * Sponsor recruitment 
        * Andreas asked for a list of companies being approached by OASIS for PGB sponsorship 
        * Andreas asked why previous sponsors did not renew. He said that the value proposition for sponsorship should be clarified. It may need to be tailored to the project/company. 
        * Claudia will try to get Carol to attend the next meeting
        * Tas asked WG chairs to make a list of potential sponsors who would be interested in their work
            * Arbitrum One 
            * Optimism
            * Linea
            * Metis
            * Matter Labs
        * 2024-04-17 No progress has been made. ACTION: Next steps are: Tas to email Francis Beland, cc Carol to ask why sponsors did not renew. Also, did they get value out of it, and why/why not?  Include lists of new potential sponsors from L2 and Baseline WG’s. 
        * 2024-06-25 Tas, Andreas, Sonal met with Holly and Antonella last week.  Action items taken for Sonal and Andreas to work on a few items including a value prop deck and blog article. Note that sponsorship money would be primarily utilized for grants to develop reference implementations of standards/example cases.
* Updates on existing projects (10 min)
    * Layer 2 Standards Working Group
        * Publishing blog article on using DIDs and VCs in the context of key management across chains.  Will also write an ethresear.ch article. 
        * Tx fee API spec - collecting approvals, some changes proposed
    * Baseline 
        * New grant recipient A2F doing grant sourcing and management, hoping to raise more funds
        * Reference implementation BRI-3 is almost done, 2 work items remain
        * Next: interoperability demo and road show
    * TokenScript (INACTIVE) - the project can be closed by a simple majority vote after 2024-10-17.
* Updates on potential projects (5 min) 
* Other business if we have time left over
